Update CsTenantNetworkxxx cmdlets (#11248)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTenantNetworkRegion.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.Rtc.Management.Hosted.dll-help.xml
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-cstenantnetworkregion
applicable: Microsoft Teams
title: New-CsTenantNetworkRegion
schema: 2.0.0
manager: bulenteg
author: jenstrier
ms.author: jenstr
ms.reviewer:
---

# New-CsTenantNetworkRegion

## SYNOPSIS

> As an Admin, you can use the Teams PowerShell command, New-CsTenantNetworkRegion to define network regions. A network region interconnects various parts of a network across multiple geographic areas. The RegionID parameter is a logical name that represents the geography of the region, and has no dependencies or restrictions. Tenant network region is used for Location Based Routing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an admin, you can use the Teams PowerShell command, New-CsTenantNetworkRegion to define network regions. A network region interconnects various parts of a network across multiple geographic areas. The RegionID parameter is a logical name that represents the geography of the region and has no dependencies or restrictions. The organization's network region is used for Location-Based Routing.
```

## SYNTAX

### Identity (Default)
```
New-CsTenantNetworkRegion [-Identity] <string> [-BypassID <string>] [-CentralSite <string>]
 [-Description <string>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ParentAndRelativeKey
```
New-CsTenantNetworkRegion -NetworkRegionID <string> [-BypassID <string>] [-CentralSite <string>]
[-Description <string>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Location-Based Routing leverages the same network regions, sites, and subnets concept that is available in Skype for Business Server. A network region contains a collection of network sites. For example, if your organization has many sites located in Redmond, then you may choose to designate "Redmond" as a network region.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> New-CsTenantNetworkRegion -NetworkRegionID "RegionA"
```

> The command shown in Example 1 created the network region 'RegionA' with no description. Identity and CentralSite will both be set identical with NetworkRegionID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command shown in Example 1 creates the network region 'RegionA' with no description. Identity and CentralSite will both be set identically to NetworkRegionID.
```
